Benedicta

A friend

I woke up to the shocking news of your death. It was actually the first message I read when I woke up on that fateful Tuesday morning. It was shocking and hard to believe. God knows best. I will miss you for being selfless, kind, humble, respectful and very knowledgeable. Fare thee well Obed. 



Akua

Student

Words really fail me because I am still in total shock as to why you gave up so easily and suddenly. I strongly believe you could have fought a little harder to stay with us. Now you tell me who am I gonna call when I don't get big Obed?

Hmmmm!!! 

Till we meet again small Obed, RIPP



kwarteng

A Mentor

To quote Chuck Palahniuk "We all die. The goal isn’t to live forever, the goal is to create something that will".

Your death came sudden and shocking, you lived a short life yet touched and showed the path for many including me. You will be missed, your legacy lives on, A life well-spent. Rest In Peace Obed.



AB

A friend I never met!

I never knew you like the rest of the guys..Nana, Joel, Martin, charles etc. But hearing your sudden demise at that department really striked me because of my relationship with these guys. From the what I am hearing, they say your a cool, gentle and does less talking. You're always focused and glued to your work..ensuring that all is set and working. Life is indeed too short. But as you journey to your maker, may he grant you eternal rest as you lie in the bosom of father Abraham. Journey well my friend. God be with you till we meet again.



Ansaba Amoah

A friend 

Obed! This seems like a dream. I still can’t believe this has happened. I can’t understand but I know God knows the plan he had for you. Maybe he feels you’ve achieved all he wanted you to accomplish. Maybe he’s saved you from some greater pain. Maybe he needs you up there to be with the angels. Just maybe ... hmmm. 
Your life might seem cut off so short dear, but you made a huge impact in so many lives and we say thank you. Thank you for being a good friend. Thank you for the kind and beautiful words you told me just a few days before this tragedy. Thank you for never giving up on me. May your gentle soul rest in the bosom of our Lord. 



Chempa Francis

A friend. 

I met Obed when I was in level 100. He was a teaching assistant of a course I was taking and I’ve known him for 4 years now. A memory of Obed always comes up anytime that I take a computer or open an IDE or start to design a solution. He has always been guiding me.  May his soul rest in perfect peace



Fakulti

TA

I met Obed during his final year on campus when he wanted the position of president at our department and he urged me to convince my class by so doing gave us some freebies. He later became our teaching assistant and he was really cool with us tho we gave him tuff time but he was always ok with us. Boss i still remember your words..#course rep. Do ur best and leave the rest to us.. Rest in Peace big Man



Abdul Mueez

A Friend

His speech at DSC meetings always motivated me to learn more and do more.
He was a good and great man.
May he be blessed with paradise In Shaa Allah.



Nick

Friend

Obed was really an amazing person. I remember he was the first person I met at the Computer Science department when registration was going on. I was scared I would not be able to go through the course successfully but He helped me. Obed was there right from level 100 to 400 and even after school. Gave words of encouragement, helped me gain knowledge in some areas of IT and not just that, he was someone who was also really concerned about personal lives. You always smile and that was one other nice thing about you. Nene Padi, you have taught me to cherish every moment with people. I miss you soo much. Wish there was another day to spend with you. I am blessed to have met you. You have lived an amazing life. Eeeiii my champ and friend, Rest in Peace in the Lord's bossom till we meet again. God bless you



Bentil

Friend

A friend, brother, and mentor, are a few of the attributes I can think of when I hear your name. You supported me right from 2014 when I entered the university, guiding me all the step of the way. When I took my new role at my current work, your words gave me comfort and motivation to move. Who will I go to when I get stuck on projects? Nene, you will forever be in my heart. I take my computer and all I see is what you taught me. Thanks for being there for me. I know you’re in a better place. Rest in Perfect Peace. Till we meet again brother. 



Elizabeth

A friend

Dear Obed,

You really were there for me when I was a student. You were always sharing and impacting lives around you, you had big dreams to work hard and achieve very great heights someday. You were a leader with a good heart and integrity. I cant ask God why but I can only say I didnt thank you and appreciate you enough. Your advice, mentorship that got me through the tough UCC

Truly my heart is broken. I dont understand the why or the how. I keep asking myself how a good person like you could have left this world

You've taught me what's really important in life. To impact the lives of others and really give out yourself by helping others to succeed, building community and dreaming big

 you are inspiring, you are strong, with a good heart. God knows all things



Samuel Ofori

A TA

Obed was such an inspiration and a mentor to a lot of us when we started our undergrad in 2016. The best never lasts in deed: He had such a bold appearance and was kind hearted. He was such a dedicated TA in his NSS period. 
Now to the family and loved ones I say “As you comprehend this profound loss, let yourself cry knowing each tear is a note of love rising to the heavens”

May the Lord keep and guide you Mr. Obed 



Martin

A Colleague 

It was an honour getting in touch with you in 2013, where we had to combine lectures. 2014/2015, was a great achievement for me because I had the chance to be part of your executives for Computer Science and IT Association *CITSA*. We both enjoyed a beautiful regime because I had the chance to learn a lot of things relating to our field from you. 
This didn't end there because you became my colleague at work because of your hardworking. At that stage, we were solving real time problems where we had to apply everything we learnt at school into practice. Nene Padi, why did you leave us so soon? Why? 
All I can say is that, may your gentle soul rest in perfect peace.



Maxwell

friend 

they say time heals but this wound is too deep chale! i feel this pain will remain with me like a scar.RIP dawg.



